21_1 Grids editing.changes: index and pageIndex description (#2173)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/DataChange/index.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
[tags] ctp

> Zero-based index of a new row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-based index of a new row. Applies only if the [type]({currentpath}/#type) is *"insert"*.
```

Reviewer 2: > on the [current page]

@RomanTsukanov what do you mean by 'current page' in the case with virtual scrolling? Viewport or batch of loaded data rows or something else?

Reviewer: @jtoming830 You tell me :) I consider the page specified by pageIndex to be the current page.

---

#include common-ctp-note-wo-devextreme 

> When pageIndex is used, sets the index relative to the specified page. To add a row to the bottom, assign -1 to this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the [pageIndex]({currentpath}/#pageIndex), this field sets the row index on the specified page. To add a row to the end of the page or dataset, set **index** to -1.
```

> If you use the [pageIndex]({currentpath}/#pageIndex), this field sets the row index on the specified page. To add a row to the end of the page or dataset, set **index** to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [pageIndex]({currentpath}/#pageIndex) has a value, this field sets a row index on the specified page. In other cases, this field specifies the row index within the entire grid. Only data and group rows are indexed. To add a row to the end of the page or grid, set **index** to -1.
```
